# Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The Gaming Room wants to develop a web-based game that serves multiple platforms based on their current game, Draw It or Lose It, which is currently available in an Android app only. to help team members guess the puzzle, the application will render images from a large library of stock drawings as clues. Each game has four rounds of play lasting 1 min each. Drawings are rendered at a steady rate and are fully complete at the 30-second mark. If the team does not guess the puzzle before time expires, the remaining teams have an opportunity to offer one guess each to solve the puzzle with a 15-second time limit.
# What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
A software design document was a great way to keep everyone in the loop, especially the client, and to help me as a developer better understand the requirements and to clearly communicate to the client what is possible and what is not, as well as to provide a rational solution without jeopardizing the functionality requested.
# What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
Yes, as previously stated, this kept everyone in the loop from the technical side to functionality to process and requirements.
# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would go back and revise the evaluation section because I could use more digging between OS's and be able to provide a better solution.
# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designin
Clients are not always developers. They have specific requirements that must be met. However, in our world, soft skills, in addition to technical skills, are required. We must be able to persuade the client that any change will benefit the system in a variety of ways (security, speed, look and feel, etc)
# How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I would absolutely use a software design template form to track the technical requirements and then fulfill those requirements while delivering the project to a high standard and in accordance with ethical standards.
